Assignment 6 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Alex Luo

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Rohan

------------------------------------------------------------------------
How many late days are you using on this assignment?
(Reminder, you may use at most 1, and that only takes you until 23:59)

0

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

* Google, when allowed for Step 1 (Legal Matters)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

* Google, when allowed for Step 1 (Legal Matters)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

This assignment was much more fun and helpful than the last one on 
assembly language. I got to understand vulnerabilities in machine code 
as well has how to write machine code myself, and figuring out the 
challenge portion was fun. However, it would have been much more helpful
if the ARM machine language base instructions manual was easier to find.
We had originally thought of a way to solve A+ using a bl method, which
is how we eventually did solve the challenge, but we couldn't find any 
reference to bl machine code in lectures or precept handouts, and only
after being unable to solve A+ using other methods did we find the 
machine code in one of the linked textbooks.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are your sentences from Step 1?

According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with computers, but did not attempt to cause death and did not knowingly or recklessly cause death, then you could receive a maximum penalty of 20 in prison.

According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with computers, and attempted to cause death or knowingly or recklessly caused death, then you could receive a maximum penalty of life in prison.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
